rewrite section on confidentiality of attester key material, (#339)
ietf-rats-wg/architecture: draft-ietf-rats-architecture.md

The physical protection can therefore vary from situations where the key is unencrypted only within carefully controlled secure enclaves within silicon, to situations where an entire facility is considered secure,
by the simple means of locked doors and limited access.

The cryptography that is used to enable confidentiality protection of the attestation key comes with its own requirements to be secured.
This results in recursive problems, as the key material used to provision attestation keys must again somehow have been provisioned securely beforehand (requiring an additional level of protection, and so on).

So, this is why, in general, a combination of some physical security measures and some cryptographic measures is used to establish confidentiality protection.

#### On-Device Key Generation

When key material is generated within a device and the secret part of it never leaves the device,
then the problem may lessen.  For public-key cryptography, it is, by definition, not necessary to

> maintain confidentiality of the public key: however integrity of the chain of custody of the public key is necessary in order to avoid attacks where an attacker is able to enroll an attestation key that they control.

Author: ```suggestion
maintain confidentiality of the public key: however integrity of the chain of custody of the public key is necessary in order to avoid attacks where an attacker is able get a key they control endorsed.
```

> To summarize: attestation key provisioning must ensure that only attestation key material that is generated by a valid Endorser is established in Attesters.

Author: ```suggestion
To summarize: attestation key provisioning must ensure that only valid attestation key material is established in Attesters.
```

The confidentiality protection is fundamentally based upon some amount of physical protection: while encryption is often used to provide confidentiality when a key is conveyed across a factory, where the attestation key is created or applied, it must be available in an unencrypted form.
The physical protection can therefore vary from situations where the key is unencrypted only within carefully controlled secure enclaves within silicon, to situations where an entire facility is considered secure,
by the simple means of locked doors and limited access.

The cryptography that is used to enable confidentiality protection of the attestation key comes with its own requirements to be secured.
This results in recursive problems, as the key material used to provision attestation keys must again somehow have been provisioned securely beforehand (requiring an additional level of protection, and so on).

So, this is why, in general, a combination of some physical security measures and some cryptographic measures is used to establish confidentiality protection.

> When key material is generated within a device and the secret part of it never leaves the device,

Reviewer: "When" sounds like it's still referring to the above case rather than an alternative.  Need to clarify, or else create two subsections.

> When key material is generated within a device and the secret part of it never leaves the device,

Reviewer: "When" sounds like it's still referring to the above case rather than an alternative.  Need to clarify, or else create two subsections.

then the problem may lessen.  For public-key cryptography, it is, by definition, not necessary to

> maintain confidentiality of the public-key: however integrity of the chain of custody of the public is necessary in order to avoid attacks where an attacker is able to enroll an attestation key that they control.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
maintain confidentiality of the public key: however integrity of the chain of custody of the public key is necessary in order to avoid attacks where an attacker is able to enroll an attestation key that they control.
```

Reviewer: "enroll" is undefined

> then the problem may lessen.  For public-key cryptography, it is, by definition, not necessary to
> maintain confidentiality of the public-key: however integrity of the chain of custody of the public is necessary in order to avoid attacks where an attacker is able to enroll an attestation key that they control.

Author: ```suggestion
then the problem may lessen.  
For public-key cryptography, it is, by definition, not necessary to maintain confidentiality of the public-key: 
however integrity the public key is necessary in order to avoid attacks where an attacker is able to enroll an attestation key that they control.
```

> maintain confidentiality of the public key: however integrity of the chain of custody of the public key is necessary in order to avoid attacks where an attacker is able to enroll an attestation key that they control.

Reviewer: what does "enroll" mean?  undefined term.

> To summarize: attestation key provisioning must ensure that only attestation key material that is generated by a valid Endorser is established in Attesters.

Reviewer: "by a valid Endorser" implies that one MUST have an Endorser role, maybe that's too strong?
